Remove Pipeline and Test Regression Rules & Fix Inaccuracies (#26434)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/quality_gates/_index.md

Quality Gates allow you to control software quality by configuring rules to block substandard code from deployment. You have control over what is merged into the default branch and deployed to production, and can ensure that the code running in production adheres to high quality standards, reducing incidents and minimizing unwanted behaviors.

> {{< img src="quality_gates/setup/sca_2.png" alt="An SCA rule that fails any library vulnerabilities with critical or high severity are detected in the repository" style="width:100%" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="quality_gates/setup/sca_2.png" alt="An SCA rule that triggers a failure if any library vulnerabilities with critical or high severity are detected in the repository." style="width:100%" >}}
```

You can evaluate and update quality control processes by accessing Quality Gates rules on the [**Quality Gates Rules** page][6]. Improve your deployment practices based on your project requirements and desired performance outcomes. 

> {{< img src="quality_gates/rules_list_2.png" alt="List of Quality Gate rules in Datadog" style="width:100%" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="quality_gates/setup/rules_list_2.png" alt="List of Quality Gate rules in Datadog" style="width:100%" >}}
```

Reviewer: The image link is broken. I believe this is the correct path to the image.

Author: Ah oops, I put the image file in the wrong place! I'm going to reject this suggestion and instead move the file to where I originally meant to put it
